README.md, before:

# CITS3200-Project

TEAM MEMBERS TEAM U

- Geoffrey	Davis	20743192@student.uwa.edu.au
- Joshua ChunHui	Goh	21978677@student.uwa.edu.au
- Dan Hua	Jiang	21982063@student.uwa.edu.au
- Jonathan YeeLeong	Kok	20744321@student.uwa.edu.au
- Qianhao	Liu	21952083@student.uwa.edu.au
- Jainish Mahesh	Pithadiya	21962504@student.uwa.edu.au


Auditor 
Syed Zulqarnain Gilani


Standard :
- django 2.0 <- pip3 install django
- python 3 or up 

Additional libraries to add: 
- django pickledfield <- pip install django-picklefield

PROCEDURE OF WORK: 

- Branch off master
- do your work
- test
- make pull request
- notify someone to review pull request to ensure correct procedures are implemented. DO NOT SELF APPROVE
- Review comments given by reviewer and make changes and create pull request
- repeat until pull request is approved.
- PLEASE FOLLOW THIS PROTOCOL WE DONT WANT TO BREAK OUR CURRENT CODEBASE


To view on your mobile: 
- For Android users: 
    - install termux 
    - clone this repo 
    - install django and python + additional libraries 
    - run as per usual

Commit message:

Added static file directories for heroku, updated readme to include information about the dependency. Disabled whitenoise for local hosting, only need to enable for heroku.

README.md, after:

# CITS3200-Project

TEAM MEMBERS TEAM U

- Andrew	Davis	20743192@student.uwa.edu.au
- Joshua ChunHui	Goh	21978677@student.uwa.edu.au
- Dan Hua	Jiang	21982063@student.uwa.edu.au
- Jonathan YeeLeong	Kok	20744321@student.uwa.edu.au
- Qianhao	Liu	21952083@student.uwa.edu.au
- Jainish Mahesh	Pithadiya	21962504@student.uwa.edu.au


Auditor 
Syed Zulqarnain Gilani


Standard :
- django 2.0 <- pip3 install django
- python 3 or up 

Additional libraries to add: 
- django pickledfield <- pip install django-picklefield

Additional dependency for heroku
- whitenoise: used to serve static files on the server, not needed if hosting locally, need to uncomment the middleware in settings.py when hosted on heroku.
install: pip install whitenoise

PROCEDURE OF WORK: 

- Branch off master
- do your work
- test
- make pull request
- notify someone to review pull request to ensure correct procedures are implemented. DO NOT SELF APPROVE
- Review comments given by reviewer and make changes and create pull request
- repeat until pull request is approved.
- PLEASE FOLLOW THIS PROTOCOL WE DONT WANT TO BREAK OUR CURRENT CODEBASE


To view on your mobile: 
- For Android users: 
    - install termux 
    - clone this repo 
    - install django and python + additional libraries 
    - run as per usual
